
EXPLANATION (of the Kazan15 Report):

Journal entries are pretty much self explanatory.  Entry numbers
(of the form 001) are used in the Ledger report to serve as a reference
back to the relevant journal entry.

Each account with in the Ledger (aka Chart of Accounts) is either a
'title' (aka 'heading' or 'place holder ') account or a data containing
account for which the accounting data is presented.  Appropriate
indentation is used to help visually distinguish title accounts from
other (sub) accounts.  Accounts associated with an integer, i.e. (/8),
are those that have been balanced against the specified number of
participants.  Accounts 5001 & 5002 provide a special service in this
context, as described in the next paragraph.

The totals of the expense accounts have been balanced against the equity
accounts. This was done as follows: 
All the (typically Dr) expense entries were added up into one of two
sums (depending on whether the item is to be split 9 or 10 ways.) Those
sums were entered as Cr entries in either account 5001 or 5002, which
in turn were balanced by equal Dr entries in each of the participants'
equity accounts.  This is essentially a variant of the standard end of
accounting period process that zeros out temporary accounts except that
in this case, the expence account data is preserved for inspection.

The value of canoes and other "fixed assets" is reflected in the 
liability accounts of the eight participants who 'bought' them.
This was done by adding all the (typically Dr) fixed asset entries,
dividing that sum by the number of asset owners (8) and moving these
amounts from equity (Dr) to liability (Cr.) Do not be alarmed by the
word "liability."  This does not mean a liability born by you.
It means that the "trip entity" owes you the value of those assets.
(The liability is on the part of the trip entity; you are a creditor.)

After these adjustments have been made, each equity account reflects
how much of your initial investment remains.  This presumably will be
refunded with a check from the treasurer (or, if it is negative, it
represents how much you still owe, in which case I'm sure the treasurer
would appreciate a check from you for that amount.)

I believe this all to be in keeping with standard double entry book
keeping said to first have been devised by Franciscan friar Luca
Pacioli [1] (although there appears to be some contoversy as to who was
truely first.[2])

[1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Double-entry_bookkeeping_system
[2] http://www.huffingtonpost.com/steve-mariotti/so-who-invented-double-en_b_3588941.html

Other items that might be of interest:
1. Hauling the gear from Bolinas to Winnipeg:
    It proved to be only a three day journey each way.
    The return journey was by a different route to accommodate Keith's
    plans to visit friends in the mid West but it turns out that the 
    distance was little different, in fact a bit less although keep in
    mind that the inbound distance includes all the driving done during
    the 5 days spent in Winnipeg before others began arriving.
    Bolinas to Winnipeg: 2142mi, fuel cost US$419.84
    Winnipeg to Bolinas: 2101mi, .............392.51
    Totals               4243                 812.35

    Miles per gallon came in at 15.88 which is pretty good given that
    about 1600Lbs were being hauled in the trailer and that milage
    generally comes in at about 17mi/USGal.  Also of relevance: there
    was somewhat more fuel in the tank upon arrival home than upon
    departure (making the true figure even higher.)
