Journal entries can be accomplished by manual entry, using
redirection, or by specifying one or more input files.

0. Manual entry is the default.

1. Using redirection:
    This is the same as the default except input is redirected to come
    from the file specified by the name following the unix redirection
    sign ('<') on the command line.
    The following are the rules one must follow when building such an
    input file.  (The file 'input' provides an example.)
    a. There must be 2 blank lines between the last Credit line of the
    last entry and the final 'yes'.
    b. There must be one blank line between last Credit of one entry
    and the date of the next entry.
    c. Each entry consists of:
        date
        user
        description lines
        one blank line
          (to signal that there are no more description lines to enter)
        two or more triple lines:
            first is account code
            second is debit entry   { Use zero if there is
            third is credit entry   {  no value to enter.
        a blank line (to signal end of the entry-
                Referrece to this line was already made above.)
    The whole thing can be further automated using a small bash script.
    See k15.sh for my example.  

2. Specified input files:
    Input files can be specified as described in the docstring and must
    be of the format exemplified by the file 'debk.d/kazan_journal'.
    More specifically:
     I) Each entry must be separated from another by a blank line.
    II) Each entry consists, in order, of the following lines:
    II.a) one date line (any format you like.)
    II.b) one line containing the ID of the one making the entry.
    II.c) one or more lines of text explaining the entry.
    II.d) Two or more lines following the following format:
            account(s), 'Dr' or 'Cr', and an amount.
        'account(s)' can either be a single account code or a coma
        separated (no white space) list of account codes.
        This last format alows one to evenly distribute one amount
        amongst several accounts.

